Enable develop mode (#83)
coopdevs/odoo-role: README.md

```yaml
odoo_role_dev_mode: true
```

> If this mode is active, the systed unit is not created and you need run the Odoo process manyally.

Author: ```suggestion
If this mode is active, the systemd unit is not created and you need to run the Odoo process manually.
```

> You can start it with the next command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start it with the following command:
```
